feat(content): Clarify local deployment in "Getting Started" (#179)
railwayapp/docs: src/docs/getting-started.md

If you are running the dev server locally, you'll see the change. Feel free to change anything within the project as well! We can't stop you.

> Once you are done, save the file, then commit and push to your repo. In the next step, we will show you how easy it is to deploy your changes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Once you are done, save the file. If you're in a Git repository, you should also commit and push to your repository. In the next step, we will show you how easy it is to deploy your changes.
```
